We made it to Lumiose City!
The last time I was here
I didn't have much time
to look around.
'But this city must be the
center of the fashion universe!'
All the people
are so well dressed.
And Prism Tower
is just incredible.
CLEMONT
'Yeah, it sure is.'
BONNIE
I guess it's okay.
The Lumiose Gym
is inside that tower.
Oh, so you've already challenged
that Gym, huh, Ash?
Well, I showed up there
and tried to.
[SHEEPISH]
I really want to have
a Gym battle please.
CLEMBOT In order to
challenge the Lumiose Gym
you must have accumulated
at least four Gym badges.
‐ Oh! Hey, give me a break.
‐ Please leave immediately.
Wait a minute!
[screaming]
That's what happened.
I didn't have four badges,
so I couldn't get in.
[DISAPPOINTED]
I had no idea there were Gyms
where you need four badges
just to be able
to challenge them.
Well, since
that's the way it is here
why don't we get out
of Lumiose City?
Let's go.
But I've been looking forward
to exploring Lumiose City!
We can do that stuff next time!
‐ Okay, let's go.
‐ Huh.
Hey, wait.
What are we in such a rush for?
MEYER 'If it isn't my
Clemont and Bonnie!'
‐ Dad!
‐ Ampharos!
‐ 'Huh! Dad?'
[SURPRISED]/[FRIENDLY]
Hey.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH
"Clemont's Got A Secret!"
NARRATOR
On their way to Cyllage City
our heroes have made a brief
stop at Lumiose City.
Uh, let me introduce you.
I want you to meet our daddy!
I'm Meyer,
I run an electronics shop
in this city
along with Ampharos here.
[FRIENDLY]
You and Ampharos. Cool!
[IMPRESSED]
And these guys here,
they're our brand new
‐ super nice, good friends!
‐ Huh!
‐ Your friends?
‐ Huh?
I'm so.. I'm so overcome with
happiness, I can't tell you!
[crying]
Thank you so much.
My name's Ash and this
is my partner, Pikachu!
[FRIENDLY]
Oh, Pikachu!
Nice looking electric cheeks!
[PLEASED]
‐ Huh? Who's this young lady?
‐ I'm Serena.
Oh! So Clemont's finally found
himself a beautiful girlfriend!
Got to keep on eye on you!
Huh? Huh?
Uh, dad, it's not like that.
Daddy, this is the Dedenne.
It's my new friend.
[FRIENDLY]
So you're an electric‐type
as well.
Now you listen to me, son.
You should come to the house
once in a while.
‐ But, dad, you see‐‐
‐ What?
Is there some reason
you haven't come around?
Well, daddy, we've got things
to do, so bye for now.
Wait, Clemont!
I've told you this before.
It's true you need to be
tough on challengers
but that alone
isn't going to help them
become better Trainers.
You need to be a Gym Leader
the Lumiose Gym can be proud of.
‐ Aah!
‐ "Lumiose Gym?"
"Gym Leader?"
[screaming]
See you soon.
CLEMONT BONNIE
Yes, alright, sir.
Ash, Serena, please take care
of my kids for me.
And don't forget,
come visit my shop later.
[whimpering]
Alright, what's this all about?
‐ You see, it's like this.
‐ Ah..
Well, we might as well
just tell them the truth.
The truth is..
...that I really am the
Gym Leader of the Lumiose Gym.
Why didn't you just tell us?
The thing is,
I really was planning
on telling you eventually.
I'm sorry. It's a long story.
I was so busy as a Gym Leader
I never had the time to invent
things like I wanted to.
So I decided to construct
a Gym Leader robot
who could help me fulfill my
Gym Leader responsibilities
and give me more time.
Okay, all done.
Now for the next step,
programming.
The first thing to do
is gather up my ideals
and then put them all
into your AI.
'I want all challengers
to have won'
around four Gym badges.
And you need to be kind
to the challengers
but at the same time, you need
to be tough when necessary.
Now I just need to set
the voice code.
Anything is fine,
so, uh, sandwich.
BONNIE
Clemont!
Hurry up, you've got
a challenger waiting.
CLEMONT
'I'll be right there.'
[screams]
Huh? On, no, Clembot!
What did you make now?
You can start today.
'I'm Clemont, the Gym Leader.'
'And you're Clembot,
the Gym Leader robot.'
Wow! I want to see it move.
Sure. First I'll engage it
in a Pokémon battle.
Clembot, activate.
Welcome to the Lumiose Gym.
I'd like to challenge you
to a Gym battle.
CLEMBOT
'How many badges do you have?'
Huh? Well,
I don't have any Gym badges.
None? In order to challenge
the Lumiose City Gym
you are required to have
a minimum of four Gym badges!
Huh? What?
Your programming should say
you'd prefer four Gym badges.
Please try again later.
Stop this! I'll just
have to reprogram you instead.
Can you really do that?
I prepared a special mechanism
in case of emergency.
Now, Clembot, activate
master recognition battle mode!
Voice code will be needed
for activation.
If I remember correctly,
it was sandwich.
No, you are wrong.
What? It's sandwich.
You're wrong.
Incorrect.
Hey, Clemont,
is there any other way
to get your robot to behave?
‐ I don't know.
‐ Please try again later.
[screaming]
[panting]
Hey, Clembot! Come on, open up.
'Clembot!'
And that's why.
So now you can't get back
into your own Gym?
I keep on trying
but Clembot won't let anybody
without four Gym badges
through the entrance.
And he's always out there
on the battlefield.
[sighs]
Hey, Why don't we go back there
together and see what we can do?
[HOPEFUL]
Yeah. Good idea.
Huh? Sure.
BOY #1
'What a rip‐off!'
BOY #2
This is crazy!
Is there something wrong?
You bet there is.
It's this Gym.
Did they say you need
four badges to challenge?
Yeah, but that
wasn't any problem
because I already
had four of them.
My opponent was this crazed,
powerful robot.
After I lost, it zapped me,
the floor opened up
and I was thrown
out of there.
‐ Oh!
‐ I've had enough of this place.
I'll never come
to this Gym again.
[sighs]
Being tough alone
won't help Trainers get better.
Now, I understand
what daddy was talking about.
[DEJECTED]
‐ What will you do?
‐ Uh..
‐ We know what to do.
‐ Huh?
We'll just stop
that crazy robot. Now!
But how?
We can't do a thing
without the voice code.
Now try to relax
and think carefully.
Even if I remember the password
I still have to defeat it
in battle.
But you won't know
unless you give it a try.
No way!
Clembot will have all of my
Pokémon partners
to battle me with.
I can't win
with my inexperienced Bunnelby.
Well, maybe you can't win
but you can give it
your best shot!
I don't know much about robots
but since you made Clembot
in the first place
maybe you'll come to understand
each other in battle.
[EMPHATIC]
Battling Clembot,
to understand each other?
Clemont, why did you become the
Gym Leader in the first place?
Not sure how to explain.
I'll tell them.
In Lumiose City,
they call my brother
the boy genius
of electric types.
I wanted to be
an electric‐type Trainer
like the world had never seen
so I became
the Lumiose Gym Leader.
By running an electric‐type Gym
challengers would plan
their strategies accordingly.
I figured if I could still win
in spite of
the stiff competition
perhaps it would make
me grow a lot stronger
as an electric‐type Trainer!
All the more reason why
you need to get your Gym back.
‐ Huh?
‐ She's right.
Taking back this Gym is going
to help you grow stronger.
‐ And we'll help.
‐ Hm. You're right.
Let's go see Clembot.
‐ Hey, Clemont?
‐ Huh?
Isn't it awesome that
Ash and Serena are here?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Heh.
If we can get to the battlefield
we might be recognized
as challengers.
ASH
'Pikachu! Iron Tail!'
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Okay, follow me.
Huh!
[grunting]
[CONCERNED]
We don't have much farther to go
before we get
to the battlefield.
Let's hurry up!
[VIGILANT]
Magnemite!
CLEMONT
That's my Pokémon!
Magnemite, it's me!
[CURIOUS]
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
Come on, Magnemite, stop!
[ATTACK]
Why is it attacking us?
It's your Pokémon, isn't it?
Yeah, but because Clembot
is now the Gym Leader
I would guess
it ordered Magnemite
to get rid of any intruders!
‐ That's awful!
‐ Is it okay if we battle back?
‐ We have no choice!
‐ Froakie, I choose you!
[CHEERFUL]
Use your Frubbles
to stop it from attacking!
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
[SURPRISED]/[PAINED]
[STUNNED]/[SATISFIED]
‐ Alright! Great, Froakie!
‐ Ash, over here!
A Magneton!
Yeah, that Magneton's mine, too!
[ATTACK]
CLEMONT SERENA
Oh!
Fennekin, help us with Ember!
[EMBER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
It dodged it!
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
[PAINED]
[SATISFIED]/[STUNNED]
Thanks so much,
Pikachu and Froakie!
[PLEASED]
[sighs]
Somehow we finally made it.
[all gasp]
Welcome to the Lumiose Gym.
Clembot, it's you.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Heliolisk!
Now, Clembot, activate master
recognition battle mode.
First, voice code will be needed
for recognition activation.
[thinking]
Relax! Stay calm.
Do it, Clemont.
There must be some way
you can remember.
[gasps]
You can start today.
I'm Clemont, the Gym Leader.
Voice code entry complete.
Ready to proceed.
Hah, the voice code is
"You can start today.
I'm Clemont, the Gym Leader."
Code recognized.
Master recognition
battle mode activated.
‐ Alright.
‐ Way to go, Clemont.
[EXCITED]
Bunnelby, let's go!
[EAGER]
I will use this Pokémon.
[CONFIDENT]
Heliolisk.
Heliolisk?
POKEDEX
Heliolisk.
The Generator Pokémon and
the evolved form of Helioptile.
Heliolisk produces
enough electricity
'to power a large building'
'and recharges by spreading
its frills.'
My reputation as a Gym Leader
is resting on this battle.
Heliolisk!
Give it all you've got!
[EAGER]
Heliolisk. Thunderbolt.
Clembot's starting out
using Thunderbolt.
And that's just what
I programmed it to do.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Bunnelby,
use your ears to defend!
[EXERTION]
‐ Aah!
‐ Amazing!
Clemont did that back
when I battled against him!
[IMPRESSED]
Bunnelby, Double Slap!
Use Dragon Tail!
[INTENT]
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Now, Bunnelby, Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
‐ Now, use Bulldoze!
‐ Aah!
[BULLDOZE MOVE]/[PAINED]
Hold on, I never taught
Heliolisk that move.
Clembot taught it
to Heliolisk on its own?
‐ What?
‐ Use Dragon Tail!
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
Bunnelby, you okay?
[DETERMINED]
Having Heliolisk use Bulldoze
like that was a surprise
but it'll be the same
for them dealing
with a new move from us.
Okay, now it's our turn!
Bunnelby, use Double Team!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[VIGILANT]
Heliolisk's just standing there!
‐ I'll bet this works!
‐ Bunnelby, Mud Shot!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
Parabolic Charge!
[PARABOLIC CHARGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
What kind of move is that?
Parabolic Charge
it attacks all opponents
in the area
while restoring energy
at the same time.
[FATIGUED]
Bunnelby!
[DETERMINED]
Use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Come on, Clemont,
you have to win!
Now, Bunnelby! Dig, let's go!
[DIG MOVE]
‐ Use Bulldoze!
‐ Aah!
The same thing will happen
all over again.
It's all finished now!
[DISTRAUGHT]
No. No way! Hey, Clemont!
Don't give up till it's over!
Right, if there's one thing
I've learned from Ash
it's thinking outside the box.
Now, Bunnelby, use Double Team
while you're still underground!
[BULLDOZE MOVE]
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
Now use Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
Use Parabolic Charge!
[PARABOLIC CHARGE MOVE]
All of them disappeared!
Bunnelby.
[IMPRESSED]
Huh? Yeah.
[DIG MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
BUNNELBY
[DIG MOVE]
Error! Error!
Let's finish this up.
Bunnelby! Mud Shot!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
[PAINED]/[STUNNED]
[EXCITED]
Look like it's all over.
Bunnelby wins.
Clemont was so great. Ha‐ha‐ha!
[HAPPY]
Mm. Oh, Heliolisk, are you okay?
[PLEASED]
Hmm. Thank goodness!
But, I'm so sorry. Huh?
I recognize you now, sir.
Welcome back to the Lumiose Gym.
I'm glad to be back, Clembot.
[grunts]
Because of my faulty programming
I realize I made
a lot of trouble for you too.
It's all my fault.
I'm sorry.
I think I'll begin work
on reprogramming you right now.
First rule, be modest.
It doesn't matter how many
badges a challenger has.
Second rule, be kind, even
while you're being tough.
And don't forget
to give the challenger
constructive advice
after the battle.
And the third rule,
be thoughtful.
Try to help challengers
grow their skills.
These are rules every
Gym Leader needs to follow.
I've learned so very much
from all of you.
And I want to keep on learning!
Right, Clembot?
Well put, sir.
Uh‐uh, sorry. Now I'm feeling
kind of embarrassed.
Hey, I want to keep learning
with you.
[laughs]
Me too.
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
Clembot? Are we friends?
CLEMBOT
'Yes, Ash. We are friends.'
SERENA
'Me too.'
[laughs]
MEYER 'What? Your robot kicked
you out of your own Gym?'
Hmm..
Daddy, wait until you hear
the end of the story.
That's how it was before,
but everything's alright now!
It's okay to leave it to Clembot
to be the Gym Leader.
Well, I sure hope
that you're right.
So does that mean
you'll be coming by
the house more often now?
[PLEASED]
Visit?
Well, you see, the thing is‐‐
Is there some sort of problem?
Kind of, because..
‐ Just tell him, Clemont, now!
‐ Uh‐huh. Here's the thing!
I'm...going on a journey.
Since I first met Ash
I've been gaining
more and more courage
the longer I travel
around with him!
‐ Courage, huh?
‐ That's right.
I've always been afraid
to find the courage
to try out new things
but now I'm feeling
completely different.
Wow, Clemont.
I've only been feeling this way
for a short time, but I get it!
I've experienced so much,
so quickly.
I've had fun,
I've been sad
I've been happy
and scared.
That may not sound like
such a big deal
but I've really started
getting in touch with
myself.
And that's really,
really important to me.
Even if it's only till Ash
gets to the Kalos League
it's really important
that I travel with him there.
Daddy, I want to go
with Ash and Clemont too.
[URGENT]
‐ Hmm.
‐ Dad?
Please, daddy? Please?
I'll watch over Bonnie,
I promise.
We both promise.
I give you my word
that I will take care of the Gym
and help out
with the house as well.
I'm just so..
I'm just so proud
and happy for you both!
Hmm. What a joy
to have such great kids.
I know I've told you this before
the most important thing
in the world
is to have real friends.
'As long as you have great
friends like Ash and Serena'
I'm not worried about a thing.
Alright. You can go.
‐ Thanks so much, dad!
‐ I love you, daddy!
Hmm. I love you too.
Now, Ash, Serena, promise me
you'll keep an eye on these two
and make sure they
stay out of trouble, okay?
ASH/SERENA
Yes, sir.
MEYER
'Alright, so for now'
'it's time to celebrate Clemont
and Bonnie's new journey.'
[all cheer]
‐ Nighty‐night.
‐ Night, Bonnie.
Hey, Ash, are you sorry
you weren't able to challenge
the Lumiose Gym?
Yeah, but back then
you decided that challengers
should be strong enough
to have earned
four Gym badges first, right?
Huh? Well, yeah.
Since that's what you wanted
I'll just come back
when I've gotten four of them.
[AGREEMENT]
If that's what you want.
‐ One thing.
‐ Huh?
I want the battle to be
against you instead of Clembot.
Huh? Deal.
I'll make sure I get stronger
so I can give you a Gym battle
you'll never forget
for the rest of your life.
That sounds good to me!
Great! That's what we'll do!
NARRATOR And so, with
renewed determination
Ash, Clemont,
Serena and Bonnie
begin their
journey together.
All kinds of new
and exciting adventures
await them from here on.
Alright. What do you say we go?
[EAGER]
As the journey continues.
[theme music]